Validation: Description-missing fixes. (#234)
MicrosoftDocs/bingmaps-docs: BingMaps/v8-web-control/modules/spatial-data-service-module/index.md

---
title: "Spatial Data Service Module | Microsoft Docs"

> description: Describes the Spatial Data Service module, which allows uploading data to expose as a spatial REST service for applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: The overview page for the Spatial Data Service module, which allows uploading data to expose as a spatial REST service for applications, with links to articles that describe the various classes, enumerators, a filter example and several more examples demonstrating both the Query and GeoData API.
```
